let me show you how to make croutons
this is the way we do it in a restaurant
that on the smaller scale what you'll
need is some day-old bread bread that's
not moldy anyway and find some Italian
seasoning that has perhaps five or six
herbs and get the best tasting
extra-virgin olive oil you can find
you'll need some baggies some kosher
salt and pepper some measuring devices
and a spatula okay and this particular
brand right here had six different herbs
that is key kosher salt
is much brighter in taste and easier to
handle and this was the best that we
could afford this extra-virgin olive oil
that's very important and it looks like
we're all ready to go
but I see that we also have a little
optional device here for spraying the
olive oil from misto you pump it up and
it helps you to spray the olive oil on
there more evenly if you want to do that
okay and by the way you know you can
read these recipes at the end of each
video now we're going to discard these
crusts and what can you handle maybe
three slices at a time five slices at a
time that's up to you that when we go
ahead and make some cuts we're going to
make say five or four cuts across which
is going to give us about twenty to
twenty-five cubes
per slice I think here we did five
across and four down and that gave us
about a total of sixty cubes for just
these three slices and that's going to
fit into a quart baggie if you do more
slices you might need a gallon baggie
okay so there we have about sixty slices
and we're going to put out our olive oil
in first
then the herbs then the salt and we're
going to leave the pepper for later
because you know pepper we want to be
sure you don't put too much in so we're
going to have better control by just
kind of sprinkling it on in while it's
all in the pan all righty now we're
going to put in the cubes and you'll see
that these 60 pinions very nicely we
probably could have put in more than
that but I believe 60 is going to give
us a couple of days worth of coupons for
a family of four or five then give it a
good shake and you'll find it a little
difficult to get it all distributed
evenly don't worry about it it's better
than it looks and then you let it rest
for about 20 minutes so the olive oil
gets distributed more evenly now you can
go ahead and put a couple of butter
patties in here as well and that kind of
helps tell you how hot the pan is
because after the butter stops bubbling
then the pan is ready heat wise all
right so you give it a good shake and
let it sit right in now
and if you want you can spray it more
with the sprayer you have not necessary
and cost it a little bit once in a while
it's going to be about eight to ten
minutes and we'll be looking for that
golden brown and that's getting their
lips golden brown so I guess it already
we're going to go ahead and just pour it
into a bowl and there you have it
croutons at home they taste much better
enjoy
and this is chef remi if you get a
chance check out my website it's called
the video cook dot-com bye bye for now